From the time l was seven, I had a dream of becoming a member of the Students' Union.

I always admired my school leaders for taking responsibility for all of us.

So I dreamed of being a leader.

Years flew by, and soon l was able to take part in the elections, hoping l would win.

But the reality proved that I didn't have a chance. I wasn't pretty.

Girls in the school hardly knew me.

I just did not have what it took to win a school election.

I was upset.

As I cried in my room that evening, I suddenly took a deep breath and decided l wouldn't stop dreaming.

I decided that l would enter for elections again in my final year at school and that l would win the election.

















Yesterday I stepped into a restaurant for lunch.

As I was waiting for my order to come, I noticed an old man in a wheelchair roll himself over to a table.

No one but I seemed to notice him.

I got up and went over to his table and asked if I could get him something to drink.

He smiled and said,"Thank you. You are generous. I'd like some orange juice, please." 

When I was getting ready to leave, I walked by the old man's table to say goodbye.

He thanked me again and told me I had made his day, coming over and helping him out.

I gave him a hug and told him he had made my day, too.

















Fishing is my favourite hobby.

At the end of September, the first monthly exam was held.

Unfortunately, I performed poorly in mathematics and chemistry, both of which used to be my strong subjects.

As a result, my total test score fell greatly and ranked 400th in our grade.

I felt upset afterwards and my mother suggested I spend some time on my hobby ¡ª fishing for relaxation on a weekend.

Packing up my fishing equipment, I was driven to an attractive fishing pond by my father.

There I fished for a whole day and calmed myself down.

The joy from fishing successfully pushed me out of low spirits.















My friend Nick told me a story about his experience back in the US, which was very interesting.

One day he was having a yard sale and the old man living next door came by to help.

As the old man looked over the things in the yard that were to be sold, he stopped at a box of golden balls for Christmas trees.

On the box was a card saying, "25 cents each." "You will never sell these for that much." he told Nick.

Convinced, Nick brought the price down to 10 cents a piece.

Without a moment's delay, his neighbour picked up the box and announced, "I'll take them." 
















This morning, I was jogging in the park when I caught sight of a wallet on a bench.

Clearly, someone had left it there by accident.

I picked it up and checked the contents.

Inside it, I found some money and a card with a phone number.

Believing that the owner would be worried, I immediately tried the number.

A man answered it in an anxious voice.

Hearing that I had his wallet, he sighed with relief and told me he would return right away.

Ten minutes later, the man arrived.

After confirming he was the owner, I handed the wallet back to him.

With his thumb up, he expressed his gratitude to me repeatedly.

Seeing the smile on his face, I felt happy that I was able to help.