Day before yesterday I stepped into a coffee house for rest.

As I was waiting for my order to come, I noticed a beautiful
girl in a wheelchair roll herself over to a table.

No one but I seemed to notice her.

I got up and went over to her table and asked if I could get her something to drink.

She smiled and said, "Oh~ thank you. You are generous. I'd like some orange juice, please."

When I was getting ready to leave, I said goodbye to her.

She thanked me again and told me I had made her day, coming over and helping her out.

I gave her a sweet hug and told her she had made my day, too.









Programming is my favourite hobby.

At the end of June, the last exam was held in high school.

Unfortunately, I performed poorly in mathematics and chinese, both of which used to be my strong subjects.

As a result, my total test score fell greatly and ranked 57th in our grade.

I felt upset afterwards and my friends suggested I spend some time on my hobby -- programming for relaxation on a holiday.

Packing up my programming equipment, I sat in front of my computer all day and night.

In the end, the joy from programming successfully pushed me out of low spirits.















My girlfriend Ailani told me a story about her experience in the US, which was very interesting.

One day she was having a scool sale and the old teacher living in the school came by to help.

As the old man looked over the things on the ground that were to be sold, he stopped at a box of books for programming.

On the box was a card saying. "1 dollar each." "You will never sell these for that much." he told Ailani.

Convinced, Ailani brought the price down to 70 cents a book.

Without a moment's delay, her teacher picked up the box and announced, "I'll take them and read."















One morning, I was jogging in the school when I caught sight of a wallet on a bench.

Clearly, someone had left it there by accident.

I picked it up and checked the contents.

Inside, I found some money and a student ID card with a phone number.

Believing that the owner would be worried, I immediately tried the number.

A girl answered it in an anxious voice.

Hearing that I had her wallet, she sighed with relief and told me she would return right away.

Five minutes later, the girl arrived.

After confirming she was the owner, I handed the wallet back to her.

With her thumb up, she expressed her gratitude to me.

Seeing the smile on her face, I felt happy in my heart that I was able to help.