American Situational Conversations

——————————————

Introductios and Opening Conversations 介绍和开场白


People in the United States don't always shake hands when they are introduced to one another. However, in a formal or business situation people almost always shake hands.

A: Mary, this is Joe's brother David.
B; I'm very glad to meet you.
C: It's a pleasure to meet you.
B: How do you like Texas so far?
C: It's really different from what I expected.
B: Don't worry. You'll get used to it in no time.

A: Mrs. Smith, I'd like to introduce a friend of mine, Pierre Dubois.
B: How do you do?
C: Hello.
B: What's your impression of the United States?
C: Well, I can't get over how different the weather is here.
B: Oh, you'll get used to it soon!

A: Wendy, I'd like you to meet my brother Sam.
B: Hi.
C: Nice to meet you.
B: What do you think of Dallas?
C: Well, I'm still feeling a little homesick and so many things seem strange to me.
B: You're bound to feel that way at first, I guess.

A: Mrs.Hughs, this is Peter Brown.
B: Pleased to meet you.
C: How do you do?
B: I hope you're enjoying your stay here.
C: If it weren't for the climate, I'd like it here very much.
B: It always takes time to get used to a new place.

——————————————

Special Greetings 节假日的问候


There are eight national holidays celebrated in the United States: New Year's
Day(Jan.), Washington's Birthday (Feb.), Memorial Day(May), the Fourth of July, Labor Day(Sep.),Veteran's Day(Nav.),Thanksgiving(Nov.) and Christmas(Dec.), In addition, there are many state and local holidays.

A: Merry Christmas!
B: The same to you!
A: Are you doing anyting special?
B: We're having some friends over. What are you doing?
A: Oh, I'm just going to take it easy.

A: Happy New Year!
B: Thank you! Same to you.
A: Have you got any plans?
B: I've been invited over to la friend's. And you?
A: My reemmate's having a party.

A: Have a nice Thanksgiving!
B: Same to you!
A: Are you going anywhere?
B: I thought about going to my sister's. How about you?
A: Oh, I'll probably just stay at home.

A: Have a nice weekend!
B: Thanks. You too!
A: Do you have any plans?
B: Well, my family's away and I can't afford to do much. What about you?
A: Oh, I haven't decided what I'm going to do yet.

——————————————

Meeting old friends 老友重逢


Many people shake hands when meeting after they havn't seen each other for a long time.

A: I haven't seen you for ages. You haven't been sich, have you?
B: No, I've been in California for the past month.
A: How nice. Where were you exactly?
B: San Diego. I got back yesterday.

A: It's nice to see you again. Have you chaged jobs?
B: No, I've been visiting relatives.
A: That's nice. Where?
B: I went to visit an uncle of mine in San Francisco.

A: You haven't been around much lately, have you?
B: No, I've been away on vacation.
A: Oh? Where were you?
B: Palm Springs. I've got a cousin there.

A: Well, hello, stranger! Have you moved or something?
B: No, I went to California for a few weeks.
A: Oh, really? Where did you go?
B: Los Angeles. I stayed with my brother.

——————————————

Saying Goodbye 告别


When you're far from friends and family, you can keep in touch with them by letters, post cards, short notes or phone calls.

A: I've come to say goodbye.
B: When are you off?
A: I'm flying home on Sunday afternoon.
B: Well, goodbye. See you soon.
A: Please don't forget to say goodbye to the rest of the family for me.

A: I'd like to say goodbye to everyone.
B: What time are you going?
A: My plane leaves at 7:25.
B; Well, goodbye and have a good trip!
A: Goodbye. Remember to look me up if you're ever in Washington.

A; I'm calling to say goodbye.
B: When do you leave?
A: I'm catching the 11:00 train.
B: Take care of yourself and don't forget to keep in touch.
A: Goodbye. Thanks again for everything.

A: I just dropped in to say goodbye.
B: What time are you leaving?
A: I'm going to try to leave by 10:00.
B: Take care and give my best to your parents.
A: Goodbye. Hope to see you again next year.

——————————————

Saying Thank You 道谢


When someone invites you for dinner, you can bring flowers,candy or a bottle of wine. Sometimes people send a thank you note to the host or hostess a few days after the event.

A: I'd better be going.
B: So soon? Why don't you stay a little longer?
A: I wish I could, but it's already late.
B: Oh, it's a shame that you have to leave.
A: Thank you for a wonderful meal.
B: I'm glad you enjoyed it.

A: I really must be going now.
B: But you just got here. Can't you stay a little longer?
A: That's very nice of you, but I really can't.
B: Well, it's too bad that you have to go.
A: Thanks very much. It was a great party!
B: It was our pleasure.

A: I think it's about time we got going.
B: What? Already? Won't you have more coffee?
A: I'd love to, but I have to get up early tomorrow.
B: Oh! I'm sorry. I wish you could stay.
A: Thank you for a very enjoyable evening.
B: Don't mention it. I hope you can come again soon.

A: I really should be on my way.
B: Oh, not yet! At least have one for the road.
A: No. Thanks all the same.
B: Well, I'm sorry you have to leave so early.
A: Thank you very much. We really had a good time.
B: Well, thank you for coming.

——————————————

Asking People to Repeat 请人复述


As long as you ask politely, most people do not mind repeating something you didn't hear or understand.

A: I'm sorry, but I didn't catch what you said.
B: I said, "Do you want me to help you?"
A: If you're sure you're not in a hurry, I can use a lttle help.
B: Would you like me to get you a cab?

A: I beg your pardon?
B: I said, "Do you need any help?"
A: That's very nice of you. I guess I could use some help.
B: Just tell me what you'd like me to do.

A: What was that?
B: I said, "Is there anything I can do?"
A: If it's not too much trouble, I would like some help.
B: It's no trouble at all. I'll carry this suitcase for you.

A: Excuse me? I didn't hear what you said.
B: I asked you if you wanted some help.
A: If you wouldn't mind, I could use a hand.
B: I'll get this bag for you.

——————————————

Asking Favors 求助


When you ask for things, it is important to be polite. The intonation that you use in making your request is as important as what you actually say. When you think someone will refuse your request, you can ask the question in such a way that the refusal does not cause embarrassment.

A: Is there any chance of my borrowing your type-writer?
B: For how long?
A: Until the end of the week.
B: Yes, I guess that would be all right.

A: Would you mind if I borrowed your car?
B: Well, when exactly?
A: Until Monday or Tuesday of next week.
B: I'm sorry, but it's just not possible.

A: Do you think you could lend me some of your records?
B: Until when?
A: Oh, just over the holidays.
B: I'm not sure. I'll have to think about it.

A: I was wondering if you'd let me stay with you for a few days.
B: It really depends on when.
A: Until next weekend, if that's OK.
B: Let me think it over, and I'll let you know later.

——————————————

Giving Compliments 赞美


Friends often compliment one another on clothes, especially if the clothes are new.

A: What a beautiful sweater!
B: Do you think it looks good on me?
A: Yes, and it goes beautifully with your pants.
B: You won't believe it, but it was really cheap.
A: I wish I could find one just like it.

A: I like your new coat.
B: Do you think it fits OK?
A: Yes. It looks terrific!
B: I bought it at half price.
A: You were lucky to find it.

A: That's a very nice jacket.
B: Does it really look OK?
A: Yes, and I like the color too. It matches your hat.
B: And I got it on sale.
A: That's incredible!

A: I love that shirt.
B: Do you really like it?
A: Yes, it fits perfectly.
B: It wasn't very expensive either.
A: That's amazing! It sure looks expensive.

——————————————

Apologizing 道歉


Sometimes it is necessary to tell someone bad news gently.

A: I'm afraid I spilled coffee on the tablecloth.
B: Oh, don't worry about it.
A: I want to apologize. Is there anything I can do?
B: Just forget about it. I never did like it anyway.

A: I'm really sorry, but I seem to have misplaced your scarf.
B: Oh, that's all right.
A: I'm very sorry. Can I get you another one?
B: No. Forget about it. It's not important.

A: I'm sorry, but I can't find the book you lent me.
B: That's OK.
A: I really feel bad about it. Let me buy you a new one.
B: No. Don't be silly. I wouldn't dream of letting you do that.

A: I feel terrible, but I've just broken your ashtray.
B: It's nothing to get upset about.
A: I don't know what to say. I'd like to replace it.
B: No. It's out of the question.

——————————————

Complaining 抱怨


It's a good idea to be as polite as possible even when complaining about something.

A: I wish you wouldn't play the TV so loud.
B: Sorry. Where you trying to sleep?
A: Yes, And while I think of it, please ask when you want to borrow my records.
B: I'm sorry. You're right. I should have asked.

A: Do you think you could keep the noise down?
B: I'm sorry. Am I keeping you awake?
A: Yes. And another thing, would you mind not making long distance calls.
B: I'm sorry. I thought you wouldn't mind.

A: That radio's pretty loud. Could you turn it down, please?
B: Sorry. Was I disturbing you?
A: Yes. And something else, please don't borrow my clothes without asking.
B: Sorry. I guess I wasn't thinking. I won't do it again.

A: You don't have to play that record so loud, do you?
B: I'm sorry. Has it been bothering you?
A: Yes. And please ask me the next time you want to use something.
B: I'm sorry. I meant to ask you.


——————————————

The weather 天气


A very common way to start a conversation is to talk about the weather. When you're traveling, remember that there is considerable variation in climate in the United States.

A: Beautiful day, isn't it?
B: Yes, it's not like what the radio said at all.
A: I wish it would stay this way for the weekend.
B: As long as it doesn't snow!

A: It seems to be clearing up.
B: It's such a nice change.
A: I really don't think this weather will last.
B: Let's just hope it doesn't get cold again.

A: It looks it's going to be sunny.
B: Yes, it's much better than yesterday.
A: They say we're going to get some rain later.
B: Oh, let's just hope it stays warm.

A: I think it's going to be a nice day.
B: It's certainly a big improvement over yesterday.
A: But it's supposed to get cloudy and windy again this afternoon.
B: Well,the worst of the winter should be over.

——————————————

Asking for Change 换零钱


It is sometimes difficult toget change without buying something, so it's a good idea to carry change with you at all times. If you need change, you can buy something inexpensive like candy or a newspaper and ask for the coins you need.

A: Excuse me, but could you give me some change?
B: Let me see. Are dimes and quarters OK?
A: I want to make a long distance phone call.
B: Then you'll need small change.

A: Sorry to bother you, but do you have change for a one?
B: I'll have to look. What do you want it for?
A: I need it for the parking meter.
B: I can give you quarters, if that'll help.

A: Pardon me, but I was wondering if you could break a one.
B: Let me look. What do you need?
A: I need the change for the stamp machine.
B: I think dimes and quarters will do.

A: Excuse me, could you give me change for a dollar?
B: I'll see what I have. What do you need it for?
A: I want to get cigarettes.
B: You can use quarters, dimes and nickels.

——————————————

Making a Telephone Call 打电话(1)


The telephone system in the United States, as in many other countries, has a special number for each region of the country. It is called as "area code". If you know the area code and the phone number, it's usually cheaper to dial the number yourself. Of course, you must go through an operator to make person-to-person or cllect calls. You can dial direct to many countries
overseas or you can ask for the overseas operator.

A:Operator.
B:I'd like to make a collect call to Los Angeles. That's area code 213-486-2435.
A:And what's the name of the person you want to speak to?
B:Susan Greene.

A:Operator.
B:Yes, Operator. I'd like to place a person-to-person call to Chicago. The number is
932-8647, but I don't know the area code.
A:Who do you want to speak to?
B:I'll speak to anyone at extension 214.

A:Operator.
B:I want to make a person-to-person call to 212-836-1725.
A:And the name of the person you're calling, please?
B:Ed Cooper. That's C double O-P-E-R.

A:Operator.
B:Operator, I'd like to place a call to Winnipeg, Cananda. The number is 932-0806.
A:What's the name of the party you're calling?
B:I'm not sure of the name, but the extension is 211.


——————————————

Making a Telephone Call 打电话(2)


When using a public telephone, be sure to read the directions carefully before dialing.

A:Hello. Can I speak to Yolanda, please?
B:Hold on, please.
A:Thank you.
B:Sorry, but she's out.
A:Would you tell her Tom Gray called?
B:I'd be glad to.

A:Hello. Is Marie Ward there, please?
B:I'll see if she's in.
A:OK.
B:I'm afraid she's not here.
A:Could you give her a message, please?
B:Yes, of course.

A:Hello. Is Mrs. James in, please?
B:Hang on, please.
A:All right.
B:I'm sorry, but I think she's stepped out.
A:Would you ask her to call Larry Ruskin at 836-2550?
B:Certainly.

A:Hello. Could I please speak to Miss Davis?
B:Just a minute, please.
A:Thanks.
B:She's not at here desk right now.
A:Could you tell her to give Doug a call when she gets back? She has my number.
B:Sure.

——————————————

Asking for Directions 问路


People are usually helpful when you ask for directions. You should try to have the exact address and be as specific as possible. Telephone directories are the most common sourse of addresses. Remember that many cities and some towns are built in "blocks". People will often tell you, for example, to "go two blocks and turn right."

A:Excuse me, Can you tell me where Main Street is?
B:Turn left at the second light and then go straight for two blocks.
A:Is it far?
B:No. It's only a five-minute walk.
A:Thanks a lot.
B:You're welcome.

A:Excuse me. Could you please tell me how to get to the station?
B:Turn left at the first light. You can't miss it.
A:Will it take me long to get there?
B:No. It's not far at all.
A:Thank you.
B:Don't mention it.

A:Can you help me out? I'm trying to find a post office.
B:Go three block and make a right. It's right there.
A:Should I take the bus?
B:No. It'll only take about five minutes to walk.
A:Thank you very much.
B:Any time.

A:Pardon me. I wonder if you could tell me how to get to Mott Street?
B:Keep going straight for two blocks, then turn right o Elm Street and you'll run right into
it.
A:Is it too far to walk?
B:Nl. It's only a little ways.
A:Thanks.
B:Sure. Have a good day.

——————————————

Making an Appointment 预约


It is usually necessary to make an appointment with a doctor, dentist or lawyer. You should call as far in advance as possible.

A: Would Dr. Block be able to see me at 9:30 tomorrow?
B: I'm sorry, but she won't have any openings until 11:00, unless there's a cancellation.
A: Would 1:00 be convenient?
B: Yes, she's free then.

A: I wonder if the dentist could fit me in early tomorrow?
B: I'm afraid there's nothing availavle before noon.
A: How about 12:45?
B: Sorry, but she's busy then too.

A: I'd like to make an appointment with Professor Smith. Would 9:00 tomorrow be all right?
B: I'm afraid not. She doesn't have any openings in the morning.
A: Could I possibly make it early in the afternoon?
B: Nol That's not good either. But give me your number and I'll call you if somebody
cancels.

A: Do you think the doctor could see me tomorrow before 9:30?
B: She won't be in until 10:45, so the earliest would be 11:00.
A: How would 12:45 be?
B: Just a second. I'll have to check.

——————————————

On a Bus 在公共汽车上


In cities, buses have letters or numbers indicating their routes. Usually the exact fare is required because you can't get change on a bus. Long-distance travel by bus is common throughout the United States and Cannda. It is an inexpensive, scenic way to travel. Special tickets for unlimited travel are sometimes offered by the larger bus companies.

A: Does this bus go to the train station?
B: No, You'll have to get off at the bank and take the A52.
A: How long is the ride?
B: About ten minutes.

A: Is this the bus for Park Ridge?
B: No. It only goes as far as Main Street, but you can get the Number 31 there.
A: How long does it take to get there?
B: It only takes a few minutes.

A: Does this bus go to the beach?
B: No. You're going the wrong way. You want the Number11. It stops in front of the post
office.
A: About how long does it take?
B: Only fifteen minutes.

A：Is this the right bus for Pacific Boulevard?
B: No. You should have taken the Yellow Line bus. You can get one at the next stop.
A: Is it long ride?
B: Not that long.

——————————————

Taking a Texi 乘出租汽车


Taxi fares vary from city to city. In some cities, taxis have meters that tell you the fare. For long rides, it is a good idea to ask in advance what the approximate fare will be. This is especially true if you're taking a taxi from an airport. You should tip taxi drivers about 15% of the total fare.

A: Kennedy Airport, please. I have to be there by 7:00.
B: I can't promise anything, but I'll do my best.
B: OK. That'll be $12.00, please.
A: Thanks a lot. Here.

A: Do you think you can get me to Union station by quarter after?
B: We shoudn't have any trouble if the traffic isn't too heavy.
B: You've got plenty of time. That's $7.65, please.
A: Thank you very much. Here's $10.00. Give me $1.00 back, please.

A: The Hilton Hotel, please. I have a 10.30 appointment.
B: You'll be there in plenty of time.
B: Here we are. $8.50, please.
A: Thank you. Here's $10.00. keep the change.

A: Grand Central Station, please. I want to try to catch a 6:00 train.
B: I think you'll make it if we don't get stuck in a traffic jam.
B: This is it. That's $9.15, please.
A: Here.

——————————————

At a Railroad Station 在火车站


Long-distance travel by train is not as common in the United Stated as it many other parts of the world. Most train travel is in the "Northeast Corridor" linking Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore and Washington, D.C. Special express trains called "Metroliners" travel between New York and Washington, D.C. All seats on these trains are reserved in both coach(2nd class) and club car(1st class). Long-distance trains also serve major cities such as Atlanta, Miami, New Orleans, Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Seattle. Sleeping compartments are available on most long-distance trains and must be reserved in advance. Most trains are operated by AMTRAK, the national railroad corporation.

A:What time does the train for Boston leave?
B:9:25 on Track 12.
A:When does it arrive?
B:It should be there at 11:45, but it may be a little late.
A:How much is a one-way ticket.
B:It's $32.00 coach and $50.00 club car.

A:Which train do I take to Philadelphia?
B:Track 4 at 9:30.
A:How long does it take?
B:It's due in at noon.
A:What's the round-trip fare?
B:It's $25.00 one way or $45.00 for a weekend excursion.

A:What track does the Metroliner leave from?
B:That's Track 1 at 9:45.
A:What time does it get in?
B:It gets in around 11:45.
A:What's the fare?
B:Coach is $32.00.

A:What time's the next train to Washington?
B:That's 9:26 on Track 16.
A:When does it get there?
B:It's scheduled to arrive at 11:50.
A:How much is it?
B:It's $30.00 one way or $55.00 round trip.

——————————————

The New York City Subway 纽约市的地铁


There are subway systems in several cities in the US. New York City has an extensive and rather complicated rapid transit system. Each train is designated by a letter or a number, but most New Yorkers refer to them by such names as the Broadway Local and the 6th Avenue Express. It is important to remember that both local and express trains operate on some lines. You must have a token or, in some cases, the exact change to get on the platforms. Subway maps are available at most token booths.

A: Which train do I take to Columbus Circle, please?
B: Take the uptown A train and get off at the next station.
A: And where do I get the train?
B: Just go down those steps.

A: How do I get to Rockefeller Center?
B: Take the RR to 34th Street, then change to the D train and go two stops.
A: Which platform is it on?
B: Go down the stairs over there.

A: Which line do I take for Greenwich Village?
B: You can take the D, the F or the A. Just make sure you're going downtown.
A: How do I get down to the trains?
B: Take the escalator and then go to the right.

A: Can you tell me the best way to get to Wall Street?
B: You want the 7th Avenue Express, the Number 2.
A: Which way should I go?
B: Go straight down those stairs and follow the signs.

——————————————

Making Airline Reservations 预定飞机票


You can go to a travel agency or talk directly to the airlines to make air travel arrangements. Remember that some cities have more than one airport. Be sure you know which airport and terminal your flight leaves from.

A: I want to fly to Chicago on Thursday, the 1st.
B: Let me see what's available.
A: I want to go coach, and I'd prefer a morning flight.
B: United's Flight 102 leaves at 9:20.
A: That's fine. What time do I have to be at the airport?
B: Check-in time is 8:45.

A: I'd like to make a reserbation to Los Angeles for next Monday.
B: Just a second and I'll check the schedule.
A: I'll need an economy ticket with an open return.
B: TWA has a fight leaving at 9:25.
A: I guess that's OK. What time should I check in?
B: You have to be there half an hour before departure time.

A: What flights do you have from New York to London tomorrow?
B: One moment, please, and I'll find out what's available.
A: I'd like to travel first-class.
B: OK. We have a nonstop flight leaving Kennedy at 9:25.
A: When should I get to the airport?
B: Please be there by 8:45 at the latest.

A: Do you fly to Dallas on Sunday?
B: Just a minute and I'll see if there are any flights.
A: By the way, I don't want a night flight.
B: There's a DC-10 out of LaGuardia Airport at 9:15.
A: When am I supposed to check in?
B: Try to be there by 8:15-the airport will be crowded.

——————————————

Renting a Car 租汽车


It is possible to use a foreign license when driving in the United States, but it is a good idea to have an international driver's license. It you do not have an internationally recognized credit card, a large deposit is usually required to rent a car. Each state has its own driving requlations, so pay close attention to road signs.

A: How much is it to rent an economy car?
B: $19.00 a day or $129.00 a week, unlimited mileage.
A: Could I have one for tomorrow morning?
B: Do you have your driver's license?
A: Sure. Here it is.
B: Good. Now just complete this form.

A: What's the rate for a station wagon?
B: The daily rate is $32.00 plus 39 Cents per mile.
A: Good. I'll take it right now, if possible.
B: Can I see your license, please?
A: Of course. I have my own license and an international license.
B: That's fine. Fill out this form and let me see your credit card, please.

A: How much does it cost to tent a mid-zine car?
B: I can give you one for $24.00 a day or $158.00 a week.
A: Fine. I'd like to reserve one for next Tuesday.
B: May I see your driver's license?
A: Yes. It's right here.
B: OK. You'll have to use a credit card or leave a $100 deposit.

A: If I wanted to rent a van, how much would it cost?
B: Let's see. That would be $40.00 a day plus 38 Cents a mile.
A: That sounds OK. I'll need it from the 10th to the 14th.
B: Do you have a valid license?
A: Yeah. Here.
B: Fine. Now complete this form and sign your name at the bottom.

——————————————

At a Gas Station 在加油站


When you buy gas, you should tell the attendant whether you want unleaded, regular or premium gas. You can either ask for a special amount, such as ten dollar's worth, or you can ask the attendant to "fill it up". If the attendant fills it up, he or she will then tell you how much it comes to.

A: Fill it up with unleaded and check the oil, please.
B: Do you want me to check the tires?
A: No, that's all for now. What does it come to?
B: $10.00.

A: Fill it up with regular, please.
B: All right. Should I take a look at your battery?
A: No, thanks. I'm in a hurry. How much is it?
B: $10.00, please.

A: Fill it up with premium, please.
B: Sure. Should I check your radiator?
A: No, that's OK. How much do I owe you?
B: That's be $10.00.

A: Fill it up, please.
B: Fine. Do you want your windshield cleaned?
A: No, thank you. I don't have time. How much is that?
B: It comes to $10.00.

——————————————

On the Highway 在公路上


The interstate highway system makes long-distance travel by car fast and convenient. Interstate highways are clearly marked with numbers: odd numbers mark north and south routes and even numbers mark east and west routes. Such toll roads as turnpikes, thruways and parkways are part of the interstate system. The speed limit on all highways is 55 miles per hour unless otherwise posted. Remember that 1 mile=1.6 kilometers.

A: We'd better stop and rest pretty soon.
B: OK. I'll look at the map to see exactly where we are.
A: Do you think we'll have any trouble finding a room for the night?
B: I'm sure it'll be easy to find a place.

A: We have to watch for Interstate 87?
B: Right! We still have a ways to go, though.
A: How about staying at a hotel in a city tonight?
B: It might be hard to find a good place to stay this late.

A: Let's stop soon. We've driven enough for one day.
B: All right, but we still have a little farther to to.
A: I think we should try to find a reasonable motel tonight.
B: That shouldn't be hard to do.

A: Shouldn't we start looking for a place to stay?
B: OK. Why don't you check the map to see where we are.
A: I hope we can find a cheap place to spend the night, don't you?
B: I don't think we'll have any trouble.

——————————————

At a Hotel 在旅馆


Hotel and motel rates vary considerably. In major cities and resort areas, it is advisable to have reservations.

A: Do you have any vacancies?
B: Yes, we have a nice room on the fourth floor.
A: How much is it?
B: $45.00 a night, plus t
ax.
A: Can I see it, please?
B: Certainly. Would you come with me?

A: Do you have a single room for two nights?
B: We only have a small suite.
A: What's the rate?
B: $50.00 a night, including breakfast.
A: Fine. Could you show it to me, please?
B: Of course. Just follow me.

A: Can I reserve a double room for next week?
B: You can have a room facing the ocean.
A: How much would it be?
B: $55.00, including tax.
A: Could I have a look at the room?
B: Sure. Come this way, please.

A: Do you have a double room with twin beds?
B: I can let you have a room in the new wing.
A: What's the daily rate?
B: $60.00 a night.
A: Could you show me something less expensive?
B: Yes, of course. Right this way, please.

——————————————

Finding a Room 找住房


In smaller cities and towns, it's usually quite easy to find a room to rent. This is especially true in towns where universities or college are located.

A: Do you take in students?
B: Yes. If you don't mind sharing room, there's one available.
A: How much is it?
B: $30.00 a week.
A: Do you think I could have a look at it, please?
B: I'm on my way out now. Couldyou come back in an hour?

A: I've been told you might have a vacant room.
B: Yes. I have a spare room.
A: How much are you asking?
B: $10.00 a night.
A: Could I see the room, please?
B: Sure. Come on in.

A: A friend told em I might find a room here.
B: Yes. I'll have a room free next week.
A: What do you charge?
B: $25.00 a week, but you can't have visitors.
A: Fine. Would It be OK to look at the room?
B: Could you come back later? We're right in the middle of dinner.

A: I wonder if you can help me. I'm looking for a room.
B: Yes. I've got a small room.
A: How much do you charge?
B: $35.00 a week, but don't allow smoking.
A: OK. Can I see the room now?
B: Would you mind waiting? I'm on the telephone.

——————————————

At a Bank 在银行


Banking hours are usually from 9:00 to 3:00, Monday to Friday. Sometimes you can't get service in a bank unless you have an account there.

A: I'd like to change these pesos, please.
B: How do you want them?
A: It doesn't make any difference.
B: Did you want anything else?
A: Yes, I'd like to open an account.

A: Would you cash these travelers checks, please?
B: How would you like them?
A: In ten dollar bill, please.
B: Is there anything else?
A: Yes, I'd like to know how to send money to France.

A: Could I change these pounds for dollars, please?
B: Do you want small bills or large?
A: It doesn't matter.
B: Do you want anything else?
A: Yes, I'd like to know the exchange rate for yen.

A: Could you change these for me, please?
B: What would you like?
A: Twenties and some smaller bills, please.
B: Anything else?
A: Yes. Could you tell me my balance? Here's my account number.

——————————————

In a Post Office 在邮局


Every mailing address in the United States has a "ZIP code" which should be used whenever possible. Post offices are generally open from 8:30 to 5:00 from Monday to Friday and until noon on Saturday.

美国每一个通信地址都编有邮政号码, 应该尽量加以利用. 邮局的营业时间一般是星期一到星期五的上午8点
半至下午5点半.星期六只营业至中午.

A: How much is an airmail letter to Japan?
B: I'll have to check. Can I help you with anything else?
A: I'd like a 20 cent stamp, please.
B: There you are.

A: Could you tell me how much it would cost to send this to France by regular mail?
B: I'll look it up. Is there anything else?
A: Yes. I'd like five airmail stamps.
B: Here you are.

A: How much would a post card to Brazil be?
B: Let me check for you. Do you need anything else?
A: Yes. I'd like a book of 20 cent stamps, please.
B: Here you are.

A: How much more would it cost ot send this special delivery?
B: Just a second. I'll have to check that? Anything else I can do for you?
A: Yes. I'd like to send a $20.00 money order.
B: There you go.

——————————————

Getting a Haircut 理发


Many barber shops or hair stylists now cut both men's and women's hair. Prices vary considerably and it's sometimes necessary to make an appointment.
许多专理男发或女发的理发店现在男女法均理. 理发的价格相差很大,而且有时候理发还需预约.

A: How do you want it?
B: Cut it short all over.
A: Would you like it washed?
B: No, thank you. It's OK.

A: How would you like it?
B: Trim the back, but leave it long on the sides, please.
A: Do you want a shampoo?
B: No, thanks.

A: How would you like me to cut it?
B: Just a trim, please.
A: Do you want it thinned?
B: No, I don't think so, thanks.

A: What do you want me to do?
B: Not too much off, please.
A: Do you want a conditioner?
B: No, that's fine, thanks.

——————————————

Shopping 购物


Clothing sizes are measured differently in the United States from the way they're measured in countries where the metric system is used.
美国服装尺寸的量法和使用公制单位的国家不一样.

A: Are you being helped?
B: No. What do you have in brown suede jackets, size 40?
A: The closest I have is a 38.
B: Do you think you'll be getting any more in?
A: No, but they might have them at our other store.

A: Is anybody waiting on you?
B: No. I'm trying to find a green sweater in extra large.
B: We have your size, but not in that color.
A: Can you order one for me?
B: Certainly. Just give me your name and address.

A: Is somebody taking care of you?
B: No. I'd like a long-sleeved shirt in yellow, medium.
A: I think we're out of your size.
B: Well, can you get me one?
A: I think so. Check back next week.

A: Is anyone helping you?
B: No. I'm looking for a navy blue raincoat, size 36.
A: I'm afraid we don't have any left.
B: Will you be getting more in?
A: Yes. Try us again next Monday.

——————————————

Planning an Evening Out (1) 计划晚间的外出活动


In the United States girls and boys usually begin to go out on "dates" when they are 14 or 15. Typical dates include going to the movies, going dancing or going to a party.
美国的男女孩子通常到十四,五岁时开始外出约会. 典型的约会是看电影,跳舞或参加社交聚会.

A: How would you like to go to a movie tonight?
B: Thanks for asking, but I don't think so.
A: Then what about trying that new Chinese restaurant?
B: No. I'd rather stay home and watch TV.

A: How about going to see Maria tonight?
B: Not tonight. Maybe another time.
A: Come on! It would do you good to get out.
B: No. I want to get to bed early tonight.

A: Let's go roller-skating.
B: I really don't feel like it tonight.
A: Well, would you like to do anything?
B: No. If you don't mind, I'm just going to stay home tonight.

A: Why don't we go dancing?
B: No. I'm really not in the mood.
A: Then why don't we just go out and get something to eat?
B: No. I want to stay home tonight for a change.

——————————————

Planning an Evening Out (2) 计划晚间的外出活动


It's OK to make plans with friends at the last minute. It's more polite, however, to make them ahead of time.
临时作出计划约请朋友是可以的,但是提前安排好计划则更为礼貌.

A: How about going to hear a country-and-western singer tonight?
B: I'd enjoyed that.
A: I' pick you up around 8:00.
B: OK. I'll see you then.

A: Do you feel like going to see Paul and Claire tonight?
B: I'd like that very much.
A: How does 7:30 sound?
B: Fine. See you late.

A: Would you like to go to a party tonight?
B: That sounds like a good idea?
A: Would 7:00 be OK?
B: That's fine. I'm looking forward to it.

A: Why don't you have dinner with me tonight?
B: I'd love to.
A: Let's say about 6:00?
B: That's OK with me.

——————————————

Buying Theater Tickets 买戏票


Going to the theater is very popuar and shows are often sold out far in advance. It is a good idea to buy your tickets in advance if you want to see a particular show. It is not necessary to tip the person who shows you to your seat in a theater.
人们很喜欢看戏,而且戏票常常是很早就预售一空. 如果你想看某一场演出,最好是提前买票. 没有必要给剧院领座的人付小费.

A: I'd like to reserve two seats for tomorrow night.
B: Would you like orchestra seats?
A: Isn't there anything less expensive?
B: Not unless you want the matinee.

A: Can I still get tickets for tonight's performance?
B: The front balcony is still availavle.
A: Aren't there any other seats?
B: No, I'm afraid that's it.

A: Are there any seats left for Saturday night?
B: I still have a fiw seats in the mezzanine.
A: I suppose there's nothing cheaper, is there?
B: No. Nothing. I'm sorry.

A: Is there anything available for tonight?
B: There are some seats in the rear mezzanine.
A: Isn't there anything else available?
B: No, the show is almost sold out.

——————————————

Watching Television 看电视


There are three nationwide television networks in the United States: the American Broadcasting Company(ABC), the Columbia Broadcasting Company(CBS) and the National Broadcasting Company(NBC). There is also a public broadcasting network(PBS), and there are hundreds of local television stations. In many areas television is broadcast 24 hours a day.
美国有三家全国性的电视联播公司：美国广播公司（ABC), 哥伦比亚广播公司（CBS)和全国广播公司（NBC).此外，还有公共广播社（PBS)以及数百个地方电视台。许多地区一天二十四小时都有电视节目。

A: Is there anything worth watching on another channel?
B: I think there's a western on.
A: Do you mind if we watch it? I'd really like to see it.
B: Well, I really wanted to see the baseball game.

A: Do you happen to know what's on after the news?
B: I've got a feeling there's a documentary about animals.
A: Does anybody mind if we watch it?
B: Don't you want to see part two of the movie?

A: Do you remember what comes on next?
B: I believe there's a TV special.
A: Are you interested in watching it?
B: Let me look in the TV Guide first.

A: What's on Channerl 2 at 8:00?
B: If I remember correctly, there's a quiz show.
A: Do you want to watch it?
B: Let's see what else is on first.

——————————————

Sports 运动


Both team sports and individual sports are extremely popular in the United States. Don't be afraid to try a sport you haven't played before. People are usually willing to help beginners.
在美国，无论是集体的或个人的运动项目，人们都极其喜爱。对于你以前没有玩过的运动，你不妨试一试。人们通常都乐于帮助初学者。

A: Would you like to go running?
B: I'd enjoy that. Where would you like to go?
A: We could go to the park. There shouldn't be many people there now.
B: Good. Just let me change.

A: How about going for a bike ride?
B: Sure. Where?
A: Let's call Harry and ask him. He always knows the best places to go.
B: That's a good idea. I'll get ready.

A: Let's go swimming.
B: OK. Where should we go?
A: Why don't we go down to the lake? It's not too far from here.
B: Fine. I'll be ready in a minute.

A: How about going hiking with us?
B: Sounds good to me. Where do you want to go?
A: Let's go up to the mountains. It should be beautiful there.
B: OK. Just give me a few minutes to get ready.

——————————————

At Breakfast 吃早餐


Coffee shops are popular, reasonably priced restaurants for breakfast, lunch, dinner or just a snack.
咖啡馆是大众化的，价格公道的餐馆。在这里可以吃早餐，午餐和晚餐，也可以只吃点点心。

A: You're having coffee, aren't you?
B: Yes, I always have coffee in the morning.
A: What are you going to have to eat?
B: I'm going to order scrambled eggs and toast. What about you?
A: That sounds good to me. I'll have the same.

A: You'd like coffee, wouldn't you?
B: I think I'd rather have tea this morning.
A: What else are you going to have?
B: Just an English muffin. What are you going to have?
A: That sounds good. I'm going to order the same thing.

A: You're going to have coffee, aren't you?
B: Yes. I could use a cup of coffee.
A: Are you going to have anything to eat?
B: French toast sounds good. What are you going to order?
A: I'll have that too.

A: A cup of coffee sounds good, doesn't it?
B: Yes, but I think I'll have orange juice first.
A: Do you feel like having anything to eat?
B: Well, I think I'll try the pancakes. How about you?
A: Sounds great. That's just what I feel like having.

——————————————

At Lunch 吃午餐


Lunch is usually served between noon and 2:00. Sandwiches are a very popular quick lunch in both the United States and Canada.
午餐通常从中午供应到下午两点。 在美国和加拿大， 三明治是极大众化的午间快餐食品。

A: Please have another sandwich.
B: Thank you, but I really can't eat any more.
A: You're going to have dessert, aren't you?
B: Well, I'll join you if you're having something.

A: You'll finish the chicken, won't you?
B: No, thank you. I'm trying to cut down.
A: Aren't you going to have dessert?
B: No, thank you. I just can't eat any more.

A: Would you like some more soup?
B: No, thank you. It's delicious, but I've had enough.
A: Would you like soem dessert?
B: Well, maybe I'll have just a small piece of pie.

A: Can't you eat the rest of the salad?
B: No, thanks. I'm supposed to be on a diet.
A: Why don't we have something for dessert?
B: I really shouldn't, but I'll have a little ice cream.

——————————————

At Dinner 吃晚餐


Dinner time varies somewhat in the United States. In small towns it may be as early as 5:00, while in large cities it may be as late as 9:00. It's best to call for a reservation in expensive or well-known restaurants.
在美国吃晚餐的时间不尽相同。在小城镇可能早在下午五点就吃晚餐，而在大城市可能晚到九点才吃。如果上高级餐厅或有名的饭店去吃晚饭，最好是先打电话预定。

A: Would you like to order now?
B: Yes. I'll have the shrimp cocktail to start.
A: What would you like for your main course?
B: I'll have a sirloin steak, medium rare.

A: May I take your order?
B: Yes. I'd like a cup of onion soup.
A: And what would you like after that?
B: I'd like the roast chicken, please.

A: Are you ready to order?
B: Yes. I'll have the fresh fruit cocktail.
A: And for your entree?
B: I think I'll try the broiled sole.

A: Have you decided what you'd like?
B: Yes. First I'll have tomato juice.
A: And then?
B: I'll have the lamb chops, well-done, please.

——————————————

At Fast Food Restaurant 在快餐馆


Fast food restaurants are popular in the United States for quick, inexpensive meals or snacks. You order your food and take it to a table yourself. If you order your food "to go", you take it out of the restaurant. Tipping is not necessary in this kind of restaurant.
美国的快餐馆因快速供应便宜的饭菜和小吃而深受欢迎。 你得自己定购食品，自己端到餐桌上。 如果你定购"带走"的食品，你还可以拿出店外。在这种餐馆里无需付小费。

A: What would you like to eat?
B: I'd like a hamburger with lettuce and tomato.
A: How about something to drink?
B: A Coke, please.
A: OK. I'll see if I can get waited on.

A: What do you want?
B: I think I'll have a piece of apple pie.
A: Do you want something to drink?
B: Coffee would be fine.
A: OK. Sit down and I'll get it.

A: What are you going to have?
B: I'll try a steak sandwich.
A: Can I get you anything to drink?
B: Yes, I'd like a chocolate shake.
A: That sounds good. I think I'll have the same.

A: What can I get you?
B: A cheeseburger and an order of french fries would be great.
A: Would you like anything to drink?
B: I feel like having a Coke.
A: That's a good idea. I think I'll join you.

——————————————

At a Cocktail Party 在鸡尾酒会上


Cocktail parties are popular for both business and social functiongs. They may be casual or formal and are often held between 6:00 and 8:00 in the evening. Drinks and hors d'oeuvres or snacks are usually served.
为商务和社交的目的举行鸡尾酒会是很普遍的事。酒会可能是非正式的，也可能是正式的，而且经常在晚上六点至八点间举行。酒会上通常招待各种饮料和开胃小吃或点心。

A: Come in. It's nice to see you again.
B: It's nice to be here.
A: Would you care for a drink?
B: Just a club soda for me，please.

A: Hi! I'm happy you could make it.
B: Well, I've been looking forward to seeing you.
A: What can I get you?
B: I'd love a gin and tonic.

A: Good evening, I'm so happy you could come.
B: Thank you for inviting me.
A: What would you like to drink?
B: A glass of white wine would be fine, thank you.

A: Hello. It's a pleasure to see you again.
B: Thank you. I've been looking forward to your party.
A: You'll have a drink, won't you?
A: I think I'll have a beer, if you have any.

——————————————

Asking About Health 问候健康


People often ask about health out of politeness. This is a very common way to begin a conversation.
人们常常出于礼貌问候健康。这是开始交谈时常说的话题。

A: How's your father been?
B: He's been out of work for a couple of days.
A: What's wrong with him?
B: He has a bad cold.
A: Well, tell him to take it easy and that I hope he feels better.
B: Thanks. I'll tell him.

A: Where's Tony this evening?
B: He's a little under the weather.
A: Really! What's the matter with him?
B: He has the flu.
A: Tell him I was asking about him.
B: I will.

A: How's your brother doing?
B: As a matter of fact, he hasn't been feeling too well.
A: I'm sorry to hear that. What's the matter?
B: He has a slight fever.
A: Tell him I hope he's better soon.
B: I'll tell him. Thanks for asking about him.

A: I haven't seen Bob lately. How is he?
B: He's still pretty sick.
A: That's too bad. What does he have?
B: We don't know, but he's going to the doctor tomorrow.
A: Let me know if there's anything I can do.
B: Thanks a lot. I'll tell him.

——————————————

At the Doctor's Office 在医生诊所


It's usually best to go to a doctor that someones has recommended. In an emergency, you should go directly to the emergency entrance of the nearest hospital. Medical services in the United States are generally very expensive.
平时最好上别人推荐的医生那里去看病。紧急情况下，应该直接去最近医院的急诊室。美国的医疗费普遍昂贵。

A: I have a sore throat and my chest hurts.
B: How long have you been like this?
A: Two or three days now.
B: I think you've got the flu. There's a lot of it going around.
A: What do you think I ought to do?
B: Get this prescription filled and go straight to bed.

A: I have the chills and an upset stomach.
B: How long have you felt like this?
A: For most of the week.
B: It sounds as if you have a virus.
A: What do you think I should do?
B: I'll give you something. I want you to take it easy and come back in a couple of days.

A: I feel dizzy and I have a headache.
B: How long have you been sick?
A: Since yesterday.
B: You seem to be generally run-down.
A: What can I do?
B: It's nothing serious, but you'd better stay in bed for a day or two.

A: I've got a temperature and my stomach hurts.
B: How long have you been feeling this way?
A: It all started the day before yesterday.
B: You seem to have picked up some kind of infection.
A: What should I do?
B: Take a few days off from work and don't wear yourself out.

——————————————

At the Dentist's Office 在牙医诊所


Dental work is usually quite expensive. Appointments are usually made far in advance, but many dentists will try to fit you if you have an urgent problem.
牙医行业通常索价高昂，而且看牙医一般都老早预约。 但是如果你有紧急情况，很多牙科医生还是会设法抽空给你看的。

A: How long have you felt like this?
B: It started bothering me yesterday afternoon.
A: I think I'd better take an X-ray.
B: Can you see anything?
A: It's a small cavity. It should be easy to fill.

A: When did your toothache start?
B: It's been this way for a few days.
A: Let me take a look at it.
B: What do you think?
A: You're got an abscess. I don't think we can save the tooth.

A: How long has it hurt?
B: The pain started last night.
A: Well, let's have a look.
B: What are you going to have to do?
A: Your gums seem to be inflamed. You'll need treatment.

A: How long have you been in pain?
B: It started to hurt when I was eating dinner.
A: Open your mouth as wide as you can, please.
B: How bad is it?
A: It's quite serious. I'm afraid we'll have to pull the tooth.

——————————————

At a Drugstore 在药房


If you are talking medication regularly, you should take what you need with you when you travel. You should also bring a copy of any prescription that you are taking since many drugs are only available by prescription. Drugstores, or pharmacies, sell cosmetics and toiletries as well as many other products.
如果你正在定时服药，那么在外出旅游时，应该随身携带所需药品。你也应该带上你正在服药的处方，因为有许多药只按处方供应。药房或药店还出售化妆品，梳洗用品及其它许多商品。

A: I'd like to have this prescription filled.
B: It'll only take a few minutes if you want to wait.
A: Have you got something for chapped lips?
B: Rub this cream on every four hours.

A: Could you fill htis prescription for me, please?
B: I'll take care of it right away.
A: By the way, what do you suggest for insect bites?
B: This ointment should help.

A: I need to have this prescription filled.
B: You can pick it up in about an hour.
A: Can you give me something for a rash?
B: Try this lotion. It's supposed to be very good.

A: Can I leave this prescription with you?
B: I'll have it ready for you by 5:30.
A: And I'd like something for a sunburn.
B: You might try this. It's a new product.